The day began very well, later I was decelerated from the things I had to do, may be because of feeling content and satisfied just to do that much, which was little btw.

So, that led me maybe to being not caring a lot about what is coming up next for the math quiz, which was a piece of cake literally, but me being too stupid or too drunk like, I couldn't see the solution of a really simple problem, which just inversed completely how I was feeling on that day.

And instead of keeping calm, I tried to outrage over myself, as usual, but that actually doesn't solve the problem, as usual also, it just increases how bad I feel, in addition to later typing some shit and chattering purposelessly, I got kicked out from the group where I saw some potential abilities to get help from, with that happening to me, especially that the both two are my own mistakes, I felt even worse.

Instead of doing things that will make me feel better later, I did what I mustn't do, maybe I felt I'm worth it, but I just did it, I feel like because of just letting me think more and more and letting myself to even time to think about it instead of cutting of those ideas and beginning right away to work, and not settling down or try to forget and pass over what happened, I was overloaded with those emotions that led to that miserable consequence.

And still suffering from having the problem of the need to over-acheive things and goals, since I have a lot of goals and project to work on, I also feel some predetermined blame that makes me feel all the time bad and helpless.

What were the best things happened today?
Well, maybe that I finished the major part of the things I should have accomplished and not letting the day go in vain completely, like finishing my quraan duty, solving some problems and having them captured in mathpix, attending the lecture, nevertheless it was useless but it was some effort to exert.

What were the worst things happened and how to avoid them?
Breaking back to the bad habits I'm running away from, masturbation and sexual imaginations, saying poisonous words and letting myself to be vulgar to myself and people, well, deal myself like a somebody else who has the right to answer, or because it's very simply a sin, and say minimal words just when you really need to. Just use your verbal abilities when you must do, ok?

How to avoid?
Well, more controlled sight, especially in transportation, I can get to focus on some Anki cards instead, I try actually but it seems like I can't get my eyes on the application itself, maybe because it was something extra not allocated in my chores as a standalone task to do. But so far I feel I have been really elequent in using English may writing diaries in Italian will help too, nevertheless, I'm not looking forward to using it, in the foreseeable future, but why not?

Lastly, well I just have nothing else to say btw, but it seems more professional this way.