# Things I'm grateful for
We may say, I'm grateful that I'm still being given the chance to get better, I'm grateful for having my family my dad and mom alive, I'm grateful for being able to drink, eat, and wear nice clothings, I'm grateful for having no disability in my body and having it all functional, I'm grateful for being partially financially free or independent.

# Venting, maybe other things too
I think it's too awkward at the beginning whenever I want to write about my day, or what I feel or think in general, which makes me feel like it's not worth it, but just let's focus on the most things that I need to do.

I need to lessen the food I eat, maybe later when I do have some progress for this step first I'll care about what I actually eat, I need to stop looking at women and thinking about them, well let's say that's kind of impossible, that's a human nature, but when you encounter in mind some thoughts and imaginations about women, just please do think about something else, I need to forget about what I lost, or more specifically thinking about it in a negative demolishing way, like not being a software engineer, or not being in that department, woooah, actually I get now more  ideas that I don't have to deal with, like why I'm not in that department? Is it me being a failure? Is it because I have joined the wrong faculty? Is it because I was stupid? All of which I needn't think about initially, because guess what? Those are just lessons from the past, and they shouldn't be anything else other than lessons.

That's really amazing how I begin having nothing to say, and ending up with that much and even more things crammed in my head that I really would like to get rid of!!
Let's call it day for now, that's enough.