Hello, Idk, I don't like it but I failed once again today, I'm sure I know most if not all of the triggers that made fall down, but it's just making a preplan to get rid of those things is what will make the difference, any way, let's move to a more structured way of writing the diaries.

---
### First, let's mention 5 things I'm grateful for:
* I'm grateful for having a family
* I'm grateful for being without disabilities
* I'm grateful for being a good person, at least partially, even if this has changed a lot and I have done many bad things, but still I have a lot to do, and I'm sure in my core I'm a good person, and want to change to the best.
* I'm grateful that Allah gave me countless chances to change myself, and didn't suppress from major things in my life, those which would be really drastic to lose.
* I'm grateful that, nevertheless, I didn't join the SW major, but I still can join it strongly and have a good potential, by all means to be a good SW, and just a little bit more on this point, a SW engineer doesn't have to make apps, and software could be embedded in whatever, it just depends on your efforts and your ability which is maintained by the way you behave and deal with yourself.
---
### Second
For this one, I don't really have something in mind that makes fear, or I just have a lot of them so I can't choose which is which!
For this I may prefer leaving as it is, or reflecting specifically on why and how, which is pretty obvious, but at least let me remind myself of those basics.
- I mustn't have my eyes free to look at whatever, because you'll encounter something, for sure, that you mustn't have seen.
- You have to do this in many cases, they say that this will make you remember it even more, but I, as a Muslim, have another interpretation for it, which is Demon wants to make me feel like, "it's not use bro", so just try not to think and not to look, and remember you have to pay hard to get out of it.
- I'm not sure about having basic applications like the browser and YouTube and those stuff, if they really affect me, but at least I have to allocate time for rest, not fun, just rest, and time for work, so I become preoccupied by things that don't let me think much about it.
- I'm not sure about this either, and it actually feels so weird, but try to touch your thighs nor, surely, your penis, to avoid as much arousal as possible.
- Be aware of what you see in your brain, I have already typed about this one, but things as I said are too obvious to discuss, so I'm just run out of ideas, and to be honest, nothing has to be completely optimized nor specific in each and every situation, just keep them general, because at the end it's all about my discipline.
So basically, no imaginations, no looks, no touches to your sensitive parts, this seems like simple, but it's actually too much.